Why does it feel cold behind you?
Is someone following me, Xiaoqi?
The host is indeed following you
Or two groups of people
Bo Siyan's person, I know who the other person is
The other person's name is Fang Qi
He's a punk
rape and beating
Kidnapping, adultery, anything
The price is clearly marked on the road
Host, should we call the police?
What are you calling the police for?
They haven't done anything yet
Let's be generous.
Give others a chance
Put your hands up.
I lift
Don't be impulsive
If you want money
My money and cash are in the bag
I'm not short of money
Come with me!
Or I'll stab you to death
Why are you so slow?
Miss Yan Shaoqu was kidnapped
Trash, I'm not asking you to look at her
Yes
But you ordered
Don't come forward to disturb Miss Qu
Go to the traffic to check the road conditions
I want to know the whereabouts of the kidnappers as soon as possible
I have something to go out on
Hello, what's the situation over there?